README.md, before:

# AnimaDicer
 
## INFORMATION

Executable: [AnimaDicer](AnimaDicer.jar)
  
 	By: Fernando Pérez
 	E-Mail: fernaperg@gmail.com
 	Current version: v1.0.6 - RC (Release Candidate)
***

## CONCEPTUAL IDEA
	
	The purpouse of this project is to make the rol games faster.
	This project is specifically focused on the role play Anima.
	
	It is an especially complex and slow roll game in terms of dice and calculations,
	for this reason we have decided to create a program that makes dice rolls faster,
	allowing both players and the master to focus on the immersion in this world.
***
	
## CONTRIBUTORS
  
	FERNANDO PÉREZ GUTIÉRREZ
		Main programmer, conceptual designer.
    	The vast majority of the code is written by him.
	
	ALFREDO PÉREZ GUTIÉRREZ
    	Designer of the excel documents with wich the program works.
    	Tester, and ideas provider.
	
	JUAN MAS AGUILAR
    	Co-worker to create and make compatible AnimaDicer Mobile and
		improve the basic multi-load
    	Programmer, tester, and ideas provider.
	
	EDGEE
		Creators of "Anima Beyond Fantasy" for which our program serves.
***
 	
## COPYRIGHT ©
 
 	This file has copyright assigned.
 	It is free to use, but give credit used.
	
 	Example of minimum credits:
 	AnimaDicer made by Fernando Pérez you can find this and more done for him here:
 
	https://github.com/TheCorPlay
	
Please see [the licence file](LICENCE) for more information.
***
 	
## FUTURE UPDATES
 	
 	+	Redesign the interface to make it much more accesible, interactive and intuitive. [X]
   	+	Change the actual form to open lot of files, now it uses a system based in windows.
      	It will use a new system based in a multi charge (It will saturate less the interface). [X]
   	+	Create a search engine that let the user find quickly the atributes, resistences or whatever. [Discarded]
   	+	Reorganize the interface. [Work in progress]
   	+	Make the interface resizable. [Discarded]
   	+	Improve the Battle organization. [Work in progress]
	+	Make the program Multilanguage (Right now only in Spanish).[ ]
   	+	Create and make compatible with an Android versión (AnimaDicer Mobile). [ ]
   
***
  
## HELP
  
	If you want to help to create or change somthing send me an e-mail with some code you want to see here.
	Of course all credits for these changes will be yours.
	Also you could contact me if you find some bugs.
	It will help a lot.

Commit message:

v1.0.7 - Release
- This is the first Release version
  Since this version it is fully functional and
  complies with the requirements and	proposed
  standards.
  However it is possible that we find things to
  improve, therefore it will continue to have an
  active support.

- Reorganized and clean code for a simpler
  understanding.

- Added a row of armor to support helmets.

Signed-off-by: Fernando Pérez <fernaperg@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# AnimaDicer
 
## INFORMATION

Executable: [AnimaDicer](AnimaDicer.jar)
  
 	By: Fernando Pérez
 	E-Mail: fernaperg@gmail.com
 	Current program version: v1.0.7 - Release
	Current excel version: v1.0.6 - RC
***

## CONCEPTUAL IDEA
	
	The purpouse of this project is to make the rol games faster.
	This project is specifically focused on the role play Anima.
	
	It is an especially complex and slow roll game in terms of dice and calculations,
	for this reason we have decided to create a program that makes dice rolls faster,
	allowing both players and the master to focus on the immersion in this world.
***
	
## CONTRIBUTORS
  
	FERNANDO PÉREZ GUTIÉRREZ
		Main programmer, conceptual designer.
    	The vast majority of the code is written by him.
	
	ALFREDO PÉREZ GUTIÉRREZ
    	Designer of the excel documents with wich the program works.
    	Tester, and ideas provider.
	
	JUAN MAS AGUILAR
    	Co-worker to create and make compatible AnimaDicer Mobile and
		improve the basic multi-load
    	Programmer, tester, and ideas provider.
	
	EDGEE
		Creators of "Anima Beyond Fantasy" for which our program serves.
***
 	
## COPYRIGHT ©
 
 	This file has copyright assigned.
 	It is free to use, but give credit used.
	
 	Example of minimum credits:
 	AnimaDicer made by Fernando Pérez you can find this and more done for him here:
 
	https://github.com/TheCorPlay
	
Please see [the licence file](LICENCE) for more information.
***
 	
## FUTURE UPDATES
 	
 	+	Redesign the interface to make it much more accesible, interactive and intuitive. [X]
   	+	Change the actual form to open lot of files, now it uses a system based in windows.
      	It will use a new system based in a multi charge (It will saturate less the interface). [X]
   	+	Create a search engine that let the user find quickly the atributes, resistences or whatever. [Discarded]
   	+	Reorganize the interface. [X]
   	+	Make the interface resizable. [Discarded]
   	+	Improve the Battle organization. [X]
	+	Make the program Multilanguage (Right now only in Spanish).[Discarded]
	+	Improve the excel files to make them much more comfortable [Work in progress]
	+	Make the program campatible with other excel files [ ]
   	+	Create and make compatible with an Android versión (AnimaDicer Mobile). [Work in progress]
   
***
  
## HELP
	
	Since version 1.0.7 is a release, therefore it is fully functional and complies with the requirements and
	proposed standards, however if there is something you do not understand or do not like how it is, please contact us.
	
	If you want to help to create or change somthing send me an e-mail with some code you want to see here.
	Of course all credits for these changes will be yours.
	Also you could contact me if you find some bugs.
	It will help a lot.
